( door chimes )
Come in.
Seven of Nine's shipwide
efficiency analysis.
Did we get a passing grade?
Barely. She wants to present it
to the senior staff.
Put her on the schedule.
We'll be passing
by a Class-T cluster
in the next couple of days--
gas giants,
radiogenic sources.
I'm not sure it's worth
altering course.
At the very least, we should
send the Delta Flyer
for a look,
and let's get a full range of
sensor scans as we get closer.
We'll go to a level-3
analysis of the cluster.
Tom, get the Flyer ready
and assemble an away team.
Harry, start
continuous scans.
Kim to Seven of Nine.
Proceed, Ensign.
Any chance you can increase
in the long-range sensors?
radiogenic resolution
to get a cleaner look
The Captain wants
coming up off starboard.
at that cluster
Acknowledged.
Take these specifications
to Lieutenant Torres.
Right away.
Deck 11.
What's our Borg
queen want now?
We need to route at least
another five terawatts
to the sensor array.
Deck 15.
Hello.
Sorry to interrupt.
I'm about to disprove
of multiple big bangs.
Schlezholt's theory
Of course, I had to demolish
Wang's second postulate
to do it.
Power transfer requisition.
You're standing in the way
of cosmological history.
16 billion years old.
The cosmos is
It can wait another few minutes.
Schlezholt would thank you
for the reprieve.
Stardate 53753.2.
Captain's Log,
Long-range scans
of the T-cluster
have indicated
of tantalizing anomalies.
a number
The away team should have
a field day.
I may even join them myself.
Who knows?
FEMALE ( whispering):
Billy...
Mm...
Billy, wake up.
What do you want?
BILLY:
I need help.
Good night.
Billy, don't you dare
go back to sleep.
What's the problem?
I'm in trouble.
Go to sleep.
Help me first.
With what?
sensor analysis.
This level-3
I've got four hours of subspace
infrared to interpret.
Yes.
on that cluster up ahead?
Long-range scans
It's too complicated
to do over the com.
Either we meet in the Mess Hall,
or we wait until tomorrow.
( groaning above )
I don't want to get dressed,
and it can't wait
until tomorrow.
Your only options.
an efficiency rating of 76
I've given operations
out of a possible 100.
Not exactly flying colors.
The crewmen you assign
to the night shift
are frequently left
with little to do
once the ship's course
has been locked in.
The devil finds work
for idle hands.
Religious metaphors
are irrelevant.
assigning them additional tasks.
Perhaps you should consider
What's this I'm guilty of:
"failure to utilize expertise"?
Crewman Mortimer Harren.
He has five advanced degrees
in theoretical cosmology,
to the... Plasma Relay Room.
but you've assigned him
His talents could be put
to better use.
B'Elanna?
Believe me, I've tried.
When I give him
more responsibility,
he doesn't do the work.
Harren wants to be
down on Deck 15.
It gives him more time
to repostulate the origins
of the universe.
at near-perfect efficiency.
security is functioning
As you can see,
if you arrange the phasers
in the weapons lockers
However, Commander,
were in front, they could be
so that the smaller rifles
in the event of an emergency.
more easily removed
I'll look into it.
Crewman William Telfer.
Billy. He certainly
ruined my score.
He visits the Sick Bay
complaining of illness.
almost once a week
Invariably, you examine him
and find nothing wrong.
Mr. Telfer is a hypochondriac.
but he's afraid of medication.
I'd treat him for it,
Have you tried counseling?
He's afraid of that, too.
and offer him reassurance.
All I can do is scan him
and medical resources.
Wasting your time
What about Astrometrics?
Looks like you could use some
improvement yourself, Seven.
You're correct,
unfortunately.
Sensor Analyst, grade-3.
Tal Celes,
constantly double-checked.
Her work must be
She should be removed from
Astrometrics and reassigned
elsewhere-- perhaps
to Engineering.
Forget it. I've got my own
problems to fix, remember?
That'll be all, Seven.
Thank you.
Dismissed.
Captain?
on an away mission.
They've never been
Mortimer Harren...
William Telfer, Tal Celes--
none of them.
whenever we have general leave.
They get off the ship
I mean a working away mission.
Harren never volunteers,
the proficiency requirements,
Celes can't get past
to get a note from his doctor.
and Telfer always seems
Something's got to be done
about this.
There are always a few
What can we do?
their first year on a starship.
who don't make it past
Normally, they're reassigned.
should relieve them of duty
But in our case, maybe we
and let them pursue
their own interests.
It certainly wouldn't hurt
general efficiency.
They aren't drones, Chakotay.
We can't just deactivate them.
Is the Delta Flyer ready?
Flight-checked with provisions
for a 72-hour away mission.
What have you got in mind,
Captain?
Three people have slipped
through the cracks on my ship.
That makes it my problem.
The analytical aspects
of the subspace infrared
algorithm are fourfold.
Unfortunately, I have
a threefold brain.
You just have
to break it down.
Think of it as
four smaller algorithms.
It's...
Okay. But what's
the sequence?
Zero-G Is Fun.
As you were.
Zeta particle derivation.
Gamma wave frequency.
Ion distribution.
Flow rate of positrons.
Z.G.I.F.-- Zero-G Is Fun.
That's how you remember
the sequence.
Thank you,
Captain.
Good...
I'll try.
because where we're headed,
you're going to need it.
I'll be briefing you
this afternoon
in Astrometrics.
We'll leave first thing
in the morning.
( sighs )
Deck 15.
Captain on the deck!
At ease.
Junction Room 16?
Of course.
Over there, Captain.
Crewman Mitchell,
how have you been?
Uh, never better, ma'am.
Yourself?
Not bad. Not bad at all.
Uh, to the left, ma'am.
Thank you.
Crewman Harren.
Captain Janeway... are you lost?
I was, for a minute.
I'll be briefing you
this afternoon.
Well, there's been a mistake.
Excuse me?
You have me assigned
to an away mission.
I'd prefer not to leave my post.
I have my duties here.
will cover for you.
Ensign Culhane
The preflight schedule
is all there.
If this is charity, Captain,
I don't want it.
I didn't ask you what you want.
I'm taking
the Delta Flyer
on an astronomical
survey mission,
and your expertise
is needed.
about my expertise?
What do you know
As much as I need to.
Well, then you might be
interested to know
that I'm about to disprove
Schlezholt's theory
of multiple big bangs.
Really?
Wang's second postulate has more
lives than a cat, doesn't it?
Once you think
you've eliminated it,
bam, it pops
up again.
I'll give you a hand,
if you'd like,
when the away mission is over.
Once we reach the cluster,
we'll drop out of warp
and maintain
one-quarter impulse
on the sweep through
the protostars.
I'll be piloting
the Delta Flyer.
Celes, you're going
to run an ongoing
sensor analysis,
providing data for
your colleagues.
Mr. Harren, you'll be
looking at subspace
particle decay
for anything new
we might learn
about star formation.
And, Mr. Telfer,
your job will be to
look for signs of life,
a long shot in
this environment.
But if it's out there,
I'm sure you'll find it.
You'll have the
rest of the evening
to familiarize yourselves
with the mission.
Excuse me, Captain.
If we find a planet,
we're not planning
on exploring the
surface, are we?
That's a
stellar nursery.
Any planets will
be gas giants.
JANEWAY: Don't worry.
They may have moons.
We'll run a complete scan
for pathogens
before we set foot anywhere,
and the Delta Flyer
is fully equipped
to deal with
medical emergencies.
We'll be fine.
Shuttle Bay 1,
0600 hours.
Dismissed.
Celes is unreliable.
Her sensor analyses
will be full of errors.
You could be putting
your lives at risk.
Don't worry, Seven,
I'll check her work.
This mission could be
better served
with a more
experienced crew.
No...
not this mission.
Ever hear the tale
of the Good Shepherd?
If even one sheep strayed
into the wilderness,
the shepherd left the
safety of the flock
and went after it.
So, you're intending
to rescue them?
In a manner
of speaking.
Maybe all it will
take will be
some personal attention
from their Captain,
maybe something more,
but I won't abandon
a member of this crew,
no matter what their
problems might be.
( sighs ):
Poor guy...
rotting away
down on Deck 15,
counting the years
till we get out of
this godforsaken Quadrant.
It's a shame he doesn't have
a superior officer who cares.
It's not my job
to make everybody
who works for me happy.
Some people just
don't want to fit in.
I'll bet you haven't
said two words to him.
Two words, exactly.
We collided in the corridor
during a Borg attack.
I said, "Excuse me."
Since we were at Red Alert
and about to be destroyed,
I think it was
very considerate of me.
Well, Mr. Considerate,
why don't you go
over there right now
and offer him
some encouragement?
His first away mission.
I'm sure he could use it.
on the Delta Flyer specs?
Brushing up
I'm not a mechanic.
Oh.
Then, what are
you doing?
Very interesting.
most interesting about it?
What do you find
Your creative use
of the minus sign.
a, uh, appreciation
I see you have
for multivariate analysis.
Maybe you missed
your calling.
It's a shame.
I imagine it gets tedious
up at the helm.
I enjoy the view.
Well?
I invited him over
to watch our
television set tonight.
You don't mind,
do you?
Celes, Celes...
TELFER:
( Celes mumbles sleepily )
Respond. Celes, respond.
You're not sick.
Yes, I am.
No, you're not.
Really...
I am.
We have to sleep.
I can't go on this mission.
No, I can't.
Yes, you can.
No.
Yes.
Wait.
Bye.
See?
It's a fever.
It's nothing.
That's right.
Your temperature is
.2 degrees above normal.
A typical deviation
easily prompted by
emotional stress.
Or a multiphasic prion.
You have not been infected
by a prion.
to the mitochondrial walls,
They attach themselves
and they just...
You can barely see them.
I've already scanned you.
They aren't there.
If they migrate
to my cell membranes
while I'm on the away mission,
they could rupture and I...
Crewman, I am not giving
you a medical excuse...
not this time.
Try to get some sleep.
You shouldn't
even have
a medical tricorder.
( sighs ):
Believe me...
you'll be so caught up in
the excitement of exploration,
there won't be any time
for worrying about infections,
mitochondrial
or otherwise.
There's nothing like
an away mission
to remind a person
of why we're out here.
to one-quarter impulse.
I'm going
Should I start
the sensor sweeps?
We don't want
to miss anything.
Engine status?
Within parameters.
That wasn't us.
Anything on sensors?
.005 fluctuation in
the spatial continuum.
It looks like simple
background noise.
I agree.
Anybody for lunch?
TELFER:
Are you volunteering,
William?
Yes, ma'am.
I'll help.
What would you
like, Captain?
Mortimer?
didn't call me that.
Even my mother
Well, then, Mr. Harren,
are you hungry?
No.
Thank you.
I'll have
the pasta soup.
It should be listed
under Neelix 651.
Maybe I'll try that, too.
I'm sure you'll like it.
I'm sure I will.
Thanks for the suggestion.
I'd better get
back there.
two servings.
Neelix 651,
What's wrong?
every single thing I do.
The Captain checks
just standard procedure.
Oh... that's
Then, why isn't it
standard procedure
for you or Harren?
Maybe she's giving you
special attention.
Yeah, because she
knows I need it.
I wish I could go
back to Voyager.
Me, too.
There's always the escape pods.
Can you imagine?
( laughing ):
I understand you grew up
on Vico V.
No wonder you became
a cosmologist.
Wildest sky in
the Alpha Quadrant.
So they say.
I've never been there.
Do you really believe
that childhood environment
is more important
than genetically driven
behavior patterns?
Just making conversation.
with unspoken assumptions,
Conversation filled
which I don't agree with.
I'm a product of
my nucleic acids.
Where and how
I was raised
are beside the point,
to understand me better,
so if you're trying
questions about my home planet
are irrelevant.
All right, then.
How's your 13th chromosome?
Missing a couple of base pairs
in gene 178?
I signed onto Voyager
because I needed a year
of hands-on experience.
It was a requirement for getting
into the Institute of Cosmology
on Orion I.
If we hadn't gotten lost
in the Delta Quadrant,
I'd be there right now.
Sorry to have delayed
your career plans,
but all of us have had
our lives interrupted.
of space exploration.
It's unpredictable.
That's the nature
Which is why I don't
like space exploration.
Stumbling from star to star
like a drunken insect
careening toward
a light source
is not my idea of a
dignified existence.
Pure theory is all
that concerns me.
Well, I'm not trying
to change that.
I'm simply trying to get
every member of my crew working
to their full capacity.
That includes you,
Mr. Harren.
You don't feel responsible,
Captain...
for having three misfits
aboard your ship?
Well, if there's
anything I can do
to help relieve your guilt...
please let me know.
I'll keep that in mind.
Maybe I will join my
colleagues for lunch.
All this exploration
has given me
an appetite.
( console beeping )
Computer, identify the source
of that spatial fluctuation.
Source unknown.
Red Alert!
Aft section, report!
Report!
Captain, are you all right?
We need to get
propulsion back on line
and figure out what hit us.
but whatever it was,
I don't know,
What's out there?
it tore a plating section
off the outer hull.
90 percent of our antimatter's
been neutralized.
The reaction's cold.
So much for warp drive.
the impulse engines on line,
I'm bringing
but they've
been damaged.
We'll be able
to do one-eighth
impulse, no more.
That should get us
to the rendezvous point
in about ten years.
with Voyager
Think they'll wait for us?
transmitter on line?
Is the subspace
Voyager, this is
the Delta Flyer.
by an unknown phenomenon
We've been hit
We require immediate assistance.
and taken heavy damage.
immediate assistance.
Repeat: we require
on all subspace frequencies.
Transmit that continuously
Not yet.
Anything on
active scans?
It was a dark-matter
protocomet.
I read a paper
on that phenomenon once.
Written by me.
Well, enlighten us,
Mr. Harren.
that a tertiary product
I hypothesized
of stellar consolidation
would be
a comet-like assemblage
of dark matter.
to any source of antimatter
It would be attracted
and neutralize it
upon contact.
So, one of these things detected
the antimatter in our warp core?
The term "detected" suggests
a consciousness.
astrophysical phenomenon,
This is a mindless
nothing more.
our remaining antimatter
We should eject
or we could suffer
another impact.
I can't do that,
of an unproven hypothesis.
not on the basis
The forces involved
are nontrivial--
if we're hit again,
our entire outer hull.
we could lose
Eject the warp core,
and we lose any hope
of getting warp drive back.
I need more evidence,
sensors aren't talking.
and right now,
Maybe they are talking,
but somebody doesn't know
how to listen to them.
You're out of line, crewman.
This isn't the time
to be worried
about her feelings, Captain.
We're in trouble.
Captain, that hull plate--
than ten kilometers away.
it's less
Impact from a dark-matter body
might've left a quantum
signature in the alloys.
JANEWAY:
That's the evidence
we're looking for.
Do we have transporters?
Yes, I've locked on
to the plate.
JANEWAY:
Beam it directly
to the aft section.
Celes, you're with me.
Continue the repairs.
No sign of burns...
or plasma residue.
It seems to have been
sheared off.
Download this
into the main computer.
For what?
Captain, I'm sorry.
I thought that
spatial fluctuation
we ran into was
background noise.
Some noise.
I saw the same
sensor readings you did
and came
to the same conclusion.
You don't have to doubt
yourself all the time.
Yes, I do, and
you should, too.
You're right to
always be looking
over my shoulder.
We all make mistakes,
even me.
Every day?
Every time you
report for duty?
On Voyager,
it doesn't matter,
because nothing I do
is that critical.
Seven doesn't trust me
with anything important.
The crew is protected
from my mistakes
by the people
around me, but...
out here I could
get us killed.
You went through
Starfleet training courses.
I had to cram for every exam.
At the Academy, I was infamous
for my all-nighters.
Because that's what it took.
Every night?
That's the only way
I made it through.
the sympathy votes.
Not to mention
The conflict on Bajor
worked in my favor.
The Federation was so eager
to have Bajorans in Starfleet
that my instructors gave me
the benefit of the doubt.
So did you, when you accepted
my application.
of unconventional thinking.
You showed evidence
I liked that.
Not everybody would've thought
to retrieve that hull plating.
Well, just don't trust me
with the analysis.
I guarantee I'll get it wrong.
Well, with that attitude,
I'm sure you will.
with attitude, Captain.
This has nothing to do
You and I are wired differently.
this is nothing but data.
To you,
To me, it... it's a monster
with-with fangs and claws.
I am chased by algorithms.
In my nightmares,
My brain just wasn't built
to understand this.
another post on Voyager.
We can find you
There isn't another post
on Voyager, not for me...
( sighs ):
unless you need a waitress
in the Mess Hall.
You know...
there's more to duty
than the ability
to manipulate algorithms.
Everybody on Voyager
has showed
what I could've expected.
a courage far beyond
So have you.
in the Alpha Quadrant,
If we were still
would that be enough
to keep me on board?
I can't answer that.
I don't deserve to be
on your ship, Captain.
And I'm not really
a part of  Voyager.
I just live there.
Pressure's increasing.
The EPS relays are fused.
Cut the plasma flow.
Cut the plasma...!
I could've been killed.
What's wrong with you?
Everything.
If you want something
to fantasize about,
try imagining how it'll feel
if our hull is breached
and we die of vacuum exposure.
Our blood
will vaporize,
and our cell membranes
will rupture.
Surely you know the symptoms
better than I do.
Let's not talk
about it, all right?
Nothing disagrees with me
more than having to put theories
into practical use,
so pay attention to what
but there's no choice,
we're doing here.
into Sick Bay when we get back.
You can check yourself
And you can go back
to Deck 15.
That's right...
where I don't have
to rely on you
or your intellectually
deficient friend.
At least I have a friend.
Don't you ever get
lonely down there?
In the company
of my own thoughts?
Never.
I don't believe that.
Spend some time with us
when we get back.
You might enjoy yourself.
A hypothesis
that would require testing.
I'm a theoretician,
remember?
Captain's Log, Delta Flyer,
Stardate 53764.3.
minimal power for six hours.
We've been running on
to our distress call,
Still no response
the computer on what hit us.
and no answers from
For now, it looks like
we're on our own.
Our scans of the hull fragment
were inconclusive.
some displaced positrons
We found
a dark-matter impact.
that could indicate
But could've been caused
by something else?
Proof enough.
Not enough for me.
the remaining antimatter.
Not enough to jettison
There's a gas giant
from our current position.
only a few hours
T-class, surrounded
by orbital rings,
that's radiogenic.
including one
We could use those particles
our warp reaction.
to reinitialize
With ten percent of
our antimatter left,
we'd only be able
to make warp 2,
but it would be enough to
get us back on the road.
Set a course.
( console beeping )
Another spatial
fluctuation.
Can you localize it?
It's somewhere within
the distance
of 10,000 kilometers.
Another one, closer,
about 7,000 kilometers.
toward our antimatter.
It's being drawn
Eject the core.
All hailing frequencies.
Open a channel.
of the Federation Vessel
This is Captain Janeway
Delta Flyer.
of peaceful exploration.
We are on a mission
Please identify yourself.
No response.
Of course not.
It's a natural phenomenon.
Captain, we only have
a few seconds.
I'm firing a photon torpedo.
There's enough antimatter
in the detonation chamber
to draw that protocomet,
if that's what it is.
The torpedo's away.
Distance: 1,000
kilometers.
1,500.
No spatial disruptions.
Find the source
of that sound.
( tricorder beeping
insistently )
Oh, no.
That's not possible.
JANEWAY:
Where is he?
I can't locate
his bio-signature.
He's not out there.
He's not in space,
not in subspace.
It doesn't make sense.
( panting )
( grunts )
Inside... me...
Activate the transporter.
whatever's inside him.
Try to get a lock on
( groaning )
But I can feel it.
picking up anything.
Tricorder isn't
I-I can't get a lock.
It's like something's there,
but it's not there.
Oh, it's there.
( gasping )
I have to agree.
Unfortunately,
was no protocomet. I was wrong.
Obviously, whatever hit us
Maybe you weren't,
not entirely.
Sensors can't scan it;
can't lock on to it.
transporters
of dark-matter life-form.
Maybe this is some kind
Molecules that complex
That's impossible.
They could never support life.
under their own weight.
would collapse
to revise your theory.
Might be time
Where did
they take you?
I don't know.
It was dark.
Hot, I could feel breathing
all around me.
I couldn't see.
Did anyone try to
communicate with you?
but there wasn't enough air.
I tried to say something,
I tried to move, but something
was pressing down on me.
( panting )
The hypospray-- tetrovaline.
It'll put me out.
If I sedate you, it could
lower your immune response,
and you need to stay conscious.
Do you understand?
Billy...
if it wanted to kill you,
it would've done it by now.
sent you back here.
It never would've
to scan you or something.
Maybe it was trying
to get to know me better...
If it wanted
it should've just asked me out
for a drink.
( groaning )
Celes.
Keep an eye
on him.
Harren.
I'm setting a course
for those rings.
Shunt as much power as you can
to the impulse engines.
We never should've
left Voyager.
for you, crewman.
I've got news
Voyager isn't exactly
a safe haven.
across the Quadrant
We've been chased
than whatever's out there--
by far worse
Species 8472, the Borg--
the Vidiians,
but I guess if somebody's
hiding down on Deck 15,
they may not
be aware of it.
to be an explorer.
I wasn't meant
to guide a ship across
an unknown Quadrant.
And I wasn't meant
Then we're both victims
of circumstance.
Oh, I've seen things
I've never imagined,
than I ever thought possible.
grown closer to people
I wouldn't call myself a victim,
the last six years for anything.
and I wouldn't trade
Then you've
been deluded
by the inexhaustible
human capacity
to avoid the truth.
You're the one hiding, not me.
I've got you three
more percentage
points of impulse.
I'll take it.
Setting a course.
Isn't there any part of you
that feels a bond
with the rest of us?
When we escape
from the Borg
or discover
a new type of star,
some pride of accomplishment?
don't you feel
When you're
in the Mess Hall,
alone at your table
in the corner,
don't you see
the friendships around you
and wish even for a microsecond
you were part of them?
You don't know me at all.
No, but I'd like to.
That was the whole point
of this mission.
worked out like I planned.
But I guess it hasn't
Source?
Incoming
transmission.
It's a Starfleet frequency.
Must be Voyager.
( heavy static )
...the Delta Flyer.
...phenomenon...
...hit by an...
...heavy damage.
require immediate...
Repeat: require,
immediate, immediate...
Flyer, Flyer...
Flyer, Flyer,
Subspace echo.
deviation in the carrier wave.
Maybe not. There's a .005
That's the same degree
of spatial fluctuation
left by our pursuers.
our distress signal back to us.
They're sending
be trying to communicate.
Modified. They might
...Delta Flyer,
Flyer, Flyer.
...hit by an unknown
phenomenon, unknown.
They're taunting us.
Not necessarily.
Try to adjust the universal
translator for...
CELES:
Captain!
He went right through
the force field.
Billy, what are you doing?
It's activating
my motor neurons.
I can't make it stop.
I'm sorry, Captain.
You've got
to stop it.
( groans )
No.
It's okay, Billy,
it's okay.
It's okay.
( groaning )
It's in here.
( screaming )
into our systems.
It's tapping
Wait. It may be
trying to communicate.
( computer beeping swiftly )
environmental controls.
We've got to stop it.
It's into our
Hold your fire!
What the hell is wrong
with you?
It was trying to kill us.
You don't know that.
We were at risk.
I gave you
a direct order.
What if you were wrong?
I could hear
its thoughts.
Explain.
When it left me...
I could hear
what it was thinking.
"Do not belong."
That's what it said:
We don't belong here.
Or it didn't belong
in the Delta Flyer.
Maybe that's why it was tapping
into the environmental controls.
in a place it didn't belong.
It was trying to survive
Based on direct observation.
That's speculation.
You murdered an alien being
and destroyed
any chance we had
to make first contact.
( computer beeping )
another section of hull.
We just lost
from the gas giant?
How far are we
200,000 kilometers.
into the radiogenic ring.
I'm taking the Flyer
they won't follow.
With any luck,
We can't survive in there
for more than a few minutes.
to reinitialize the warp core.
That should be enough
Start continuous transport
of radiogenic particles
directly into
the reaction chamber.
critical mass, let me know.
When it's approaching
Watch for any sign
of pursuit.
How are you doing?
I always had this alarm
in my head,
sort of an internal
Red Alert.
It was like a warning system
I was sick or dying...
that would tell me
of something.
food poisoning, a head cold.
Mitochondrial prions,
It was always there.
And now it's not?
It's gone.
I don't understand.
Maybe I do.
When I was a girl, I was
afraid of the ocean.
I liked to swim, but,
uh, in a pool or a pond,
where I knew exactly
what was beneath me.
But in the open water,
with no way to know
what was down there...
it scared me to death.
It wasn't until my first
year at the Academy,
after I went through zero-G
training in the Coral Sea...
that I finally
got over it.
I think you just came up
from your first deep dive.
( computer beeping )
They're in pursuit.
Three minutes, 20
seconds to intercept.
to reinitialize warp reaction.
We'll need twice that
Get into the escape pods.
Captain.
away from the planet.
Plot a course
I'm going to fire
a phaser volley
and hopefully set off
a chain reaction
of the radiogenic particles.
to disable our friends.
It might be enough
You'll be disabled, too.
Not if I go to
full thrusters
and keep in front
of the shock wave.
If I don't make it,
head for the L-Class moon
in the next system.
for weeks if you have to--
You could survive there
for Voyager to pick up
your distress signal.
enough time
Now get moving.
No.
You'll have
a better chance
if we're with you.
Go.
We might not have
contributed much
on Voyager,
but what we do here matters.
We're the crew here,
and the crew does not abandon
its captain.
All right, it's your choice.
Then I'll be going alone.
Good luck.
Charge phaser banks.
Stand by to divert
all power to thrusters.
Escape Pod 1 is occupied
and ready, Captain.
Launch Pod 1.
Escape pod away.
How close are
our pursuers?
65 seconds to intercept.
Stand by to fire.
Captain, the escape pod
is altering course.
It's heading for the aliens.
Janeway to Harren.
What are you doing?
If they have to deal with me,
a few more seconds to get away.
it should give you
That's my theory, anyway.
Resume your escape course now.
It's too late for that.
You made a mistake, Harren.
Don't make another one.
I'm done hiding, Captain.
A few seconds of exposure
to real life...
what I've been missing.
maybe I'll understand
He closed the channel.
Get a transporter
lock on that pod.
I-I can't. We're out of range.
More power to
the thrusters.
Celes.
We're still not close enough.
Thrusters at maximum.
Got him.
Fire.
Shock wave approaching.
Contact in four... three...
two... one.
More or less.
( groaning )
Easy.
My crew...
They're sleeping.
No serious injuries.
Everyone's
all right...
though you gave us
a good scare for a while.
We received
your distress call.
We found the Flyer
drifting above a gas giant.
You were all unconscious.
Any sign of...
another vessel or
some kind of entity?
No.
( sighs )
What happened?
after some lost sheep...
The Good Shepherd went
and ran into a wolf.
Did she find them?
I think she did.